# # PaymentPolicyRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**category_types** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Account\Model\CategoryType[]**](CategoryType.md) | The CategoryTypeEnum value to which this policy applies. This container is used to discern accounts that sell motor vehicles from those that do not. Restriction: Currently, each policy can be set to only one categoryTypes value at a time. | [optional]
**deposit** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Account\Model\Deposit**](Deposit.md) |  | [optional]
**description** | **string** | An optional seller-defined description of the payment policy for internal use (this value is not displayed to end users). Max length: 250 | [optional]
**full_payment_due_in** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Account\Model\TimeDuration**](TimeDuration.md) |  | [optional]
**immediate_pay** | **bool** | If set to true, payment is due upon receipt (eBay generates a receipt when the buyer agrees to purchase an item). This boolean must be set in the payment policy if the seller wants to create a listing that has an immediate payment requirement. The seller can change the immediate payment requirement at any time during the life cycle of a listing. The following must be true before a seller can apply an immediate payment requirement to an item: The seller must have a PayPal Business account. The Buy It Now price cannot be higher than $60,000 USD. The eBay marketplace on which the item is listed must support PayPal payments. The listing type must be fixed-price, or an auction with a Buy It Now option. Note: This container can be used for sellers who opt-in to the managed payments program, but some requirements do not apply.To enable the immediate payment requirement, the seller must also perform the following actions via API calls: Provide a valid paymentMethods.recipientAccountReference.referenceId value. Offer PayPal as the only payment method for the item(s). Specify all related costs to the buyer (because the buyer is not able to use the Buyer Request Total feature in an immediate payment listing); these costs include flat-rate shipping costs for each domestic and international shipping service offered, package handling costs, and any shipping surcharges. Include and set the shippingProfileDiscountInfo container values if you are going to use promotional shipping discounts.For more information, see the Understanding immediate payment Help page. Note: Listings created with the Inventory API must reference a payment policy that has immediatePay set to true. Items listed with the Inventory API must also be fixed-price, good-till-canceled (GTC) listings where PayPal is the only supported payment method (paymentMethod must be set to PAYPAL).Default: False | [optional]
**marketplace_id** | **string** | The ID of the eBay marketplace to which this payment policy applies. If this value is not specified, the value defaults to the seller&#39;s eBay registration site. Note: A limited number of sellers, on a limited number of eBay marketplaces, are currently opted-in to the eBay managed payments program. To view the eBay marketplaces where managed payments are currently supported, see the managed payments landing page. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/account/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**name** | **string** | A user-defined name for this payment policy. Names must be unique for policies assigned to the same marketplace. Note: eBay will create a new payment policy for sellers who opt-in to the managed payments program.Max length: 64 | [optional]
**payment_instructions** | **string** | A free-form string field that allows sellers to add detailed payment instructions to their listings. The payment instructions appear on eBay&#39;s View Item and Checkout pages. eBay recommends sellers use this field to clarify payment policies for motor vehicle listings on eBay Motors. For example, sellers can include the specifics on the deposit (if required), pickup/delivery arrangements, and full payment details on the vehicle. The field allows only 500 characters as input, but due to the way the eBay web site UI treats characters, this field can return more than 500 characters in the response. For example, characters like &amp;amp; and &#39; (ampersand and single quote) count as 5 characters each. Restriction: This container is not supported for sellers who opt-in to the managed payments program. Max length: 1000 | [optional]
**payment_methods** | [**\Ebay\Sell\Account\Model\PaymentMethod[]**](PaymentMethod.md) | A list of the payment methods accepted by the seller. Important: Do not populate this container if you are opted-in to managed payments. To verify whether or not you are opted-in to the managed payments program, call getPaymentsProgram. If you are not opted-in to the managed payments program, each payment policy you create must specify at least one payment method. In addition, if you are not opted-in to managed payments, the listings you create with the Inventory API must reference a payment policy that has this value set to PAYPAL (currently, the Inventory API supports only fixed-prince GTC items with immediate pay (which required payments to be made via PayPal). In order for a buyer to make a full payment on a US or CA motor vehicle, the payment policy must specify at least one of the following as a payment method: CashOnPickup LoanCheck MOCC (money order or cashier&#39;s check) PaymentSeeDescription (payment instructions are in the paymentInstructions field) PersonalCheck Note: Each eBay marketplace supports and requires its own set of payment methods and not all marketplaces support the same set of payment methods. Check the specifics of the marketplaces where you list items to ensure your payment policies meet the payment method requirements needed for any specific listing. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
